README.md, before:

# Home Assistant with NGINX reverse Proxy installation

[![Smatec](https://smatec.com.vn/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/smatect-logo.png)](http:/homeon.vn)

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/joemccann/dillinger.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/joemccann/dillinger)

Setup Home-assistant via Docker with nginx reverse proxy (support SSL with LetsEncrypt)

## OS: Install RASBIAN Lite

# PI Zero connect over USB:
Browse the MicroSD

Open the "config.txt" file

Scroll all the way down to the bottom.

Type "dtoverlay=dwc2" in the last line and then add an extra line after that.

Save and close the file.

Open "cmdline.txt" file

Find a section after "rootwait"

Paste "modules-load=dwc2,g_ether" in said section.

Save and close the file.

Create a new file called "ssh"

Eject the MicroSD Card and place it on your Raspberry Pi

# Change rasberry hostname, password, network
  ```
  sudo raspi-config
  ```
  Static IP address:
  ```
  sudo vi /etc/dhcpcd.conf
  ```
  (You should not set static addresses, set reserve IPs in your router instead)

## Get IP address
  ```
  ping hostname.local
  ```

## Enable SSH
  Goto Interfacing Options/SSH

# Download
  ```
  sudo apt-get update
  sudo apt-get install git
  git clone https://github.com/patuan/hass-nginx-proxy.git
  ```
# Install Docker & Docker-compose
  ```
  sh installdocker.sh
  ```

# Install Docker Compose
   ```
  sh installdocker-compose.sh
  ```

# Install MQTT
  - Install via docker-compose
  ```
  cd homeon-mqtt
  sudo docker-compose up -d
  ```


# Install HASS
  - Install via docker-compose:
  ```
  cd hass
  sudo docker-compose up -d
  ```
  Copy the _config/configuration.yaml into config/ directory
  ```
  cp _config/configuration.yaml config/
  docker restart hass
  ```
    
# Install homeOn-mqtt
  - Install via docker-compose, change Environment variables in the docker-compose.yaml file:
  ```
    - MQTT_CONNECTION=127.0.0.1:1883 (Địa chỉ MQTT)
    - MQTT_PASSWORD=
    - MQTT_USERNAME=
    - SHUID=xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx (ID of the SHU)
    - UDP_PASSWORD=admin
    - UDP_CONNECTION_IP=192.168.1.32 (Local IP Adress of the SHU)
    - UDP_CONNECTION_PORT=5667 (Local UDP port of the SHU)        
    - HOME_ASSISTANT_AUTO_GENERATE_CONFIG=false (Automatic generate HASS config file for homeon-mqtt, must be true at the first run, then can set to false and restart)
    - HOME_ASSISTANTE_GENERATE_SCRIPT=true (create hass's switch to control homeon's scripts activate)
    - HOME_ASSISTANT_DISCOVERY=true (Hỗ trợ MQTT Discovery, nếu true, tắt HOME_ASSISTANT_AUTO_GENERATE_CONFIG=false)
    - HOME_ASSISTANT_DISCOVERY_PREFIX=homeassistant (MQTT Discovery topic prefix)
  ```
  ```
  volumes:
      #Change path to the configuration directory of the Hass:
      - path_to_hass_configuration:/config 
  ```
  ```
  sudo docker-compose up -d
  ```
# Install Duckdns for Dynamic Domain name
  - Install via docker-compose, set the duckdns info in the docker-compose.yaml file:
  ```
  environment:
      - SUBDOMAINS=xxxx
      - TOKEN=xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx
  ```
  ```
  sudo docker-compose up -d
  ```
  
# Install NGINX PROXY for LetsEncrypt
  - Install via docker-compose:
  ```
  sudo docker-compose up -d
  ```
  
# Install NGINX PROXY for HASS
### Install this as a proxy between NGINX PROXY for LetsEnrypt and HASS, because HASS run on Host Network, so the NGINX PROXY for LetsEncrypt can not create proxy directly to HASS
  - Install via docker-compose, set the domain properly in docker-compose file, ex: ha.xxxx.duckdns.org:
  ```
  environment:
      #change xxxx to the Duckdns domain name
      #change your email to receive LetsEncrypt Notifications
      - VIRTUAL_HOST=ha.xxxx.duckdns.org
      - VIRTUAL_PORT=80
      - LETSENCRYPT_HOST=ha.xxxx.duckdns.org
      - LETSENCRYPT_EMAIL=youremail@gmail.com
  ```
  ```
  sudo docker-compose up -d
  ```
  - Edit the Default.conf file (config/default.conf), change the domain name and the local address of the PI.
  ```
  access_log off;
  #change the 192.168.11.1 to the IP of the Router
  resolver 192.168.11.1 0.0.0.0;
  # HTTP 1.1 support
  ```
  ```
  # ha.xxxx.duckdns.org, change the xxxx to the Duckdns Domain name
  upstream ha.xxxx.duckdns.org {
          ## Can be connected with "bridge" network
        # hass-nginx, change 192.168.11.3 to the LOCAL IP ADDRESS of the HOST
        server 192.168.11.3:8123;
  }
  server {
    server_name ha.xxxx.duckdns.org;
    listen 80 ;
    access_log /var/log/nginx/access.log vhost;
    #include /etc/nginx/vhost.d/default;
          location / {
                  proxy_pass http://ha.xxxx.duckdns.org;
          }
  }
  ```
  ```
  docker restart nginx-for-hass
  ```

Commit message:

do not need nginx-for-hass

README.md, after:

# Home Assistant with NGINX reverse Proxy installation

[![Smatec](https://smatec.com.vn/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/smatect-logo.png)](http:/homeon.vn)

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/joemccann/dillinger.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/joemccann/dillinger)

Setup Home-assistant via Docker with nginx reverse proxy (support SSL with LetsEncrypt)

## OS: Install RASBIAN Lite

# PI Zero connect over USB:
Browse the MicroSD

Open the "config.txt" file

Scroll all the way down to the bottom.

Type "dtoverlay=dwc2" in the last line and then add an extra line after that.

Save and close the file.

Open "cmdline.txt" file

Find a section after "rootwait"

Paste "modules-load=dwc2,g_ether" in said section.

Save and close the file.

Create a new file called "ssh"

Eject the MicroSD Card and place it on your Raspberry Pi

# Change rasberry hostname, password, network
  ```
  sudo raspi-config
  ```
  Static IP address:
  ```
  sudo vi /etc/dhcpcd.conf
  ```
  (You should not set static addresses, set reserve IPs in your router instead)

## Get IP address
  ```
  ping hostname.local
  ```

## Enable SSH
  Goto Interfacing Options/SSH

# Download
  ```
  sudo apt-get update
  sudo apt-get install git
  git clone https://github.com/patuan/hass-nginx-proxy.git
  ```
# Install Docker & Docker-compose
  ```
  sh installdocker.sh
  ```

# Install Docker Compose
   ```
  sh installdocker-compose.sh
  ```

# Install MQTT
  - Install via docker-compose
  ```
  cd homeon-mqtt
  sudo docker-compose up -d
  ```


# Install HASS
  - Install via docker-compose:
  ```
  cd hass
  sudo docker-compose up -d
  ```
  Copy the _config/configuration.yaml into config/ directory
  ```
  cp _config/configuration.yaml config/
  docker restart hass
  ```
    
# Install homeOn-mqtt
  - Install via docker-compose, change Environment variables in the docker-compose.yaml file:
  ```
    - MQTT_CONNECTION=127.0.0.1:1883 (Địa chỉ MQTT)
    - MQTT_PASSWORD=
    - MQTT_USERNAME=
    - SHUID=xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx (ID of the SHU)
    - UDP_PASSWORD=admin
    - UDP_CONNECTION_IP=192.168.1.32 (Local IP Adress of the SHU)
    - UDP_CONNECTION_PORT=5667 (Local UDP port of the SHU)        
    - HOME_ASSISTANT_AUTO_GENERATE_CONFIG=false (Automatic generate HASS config file for homeon-mqtt, must be true at the first run, then can set to false and restart)
    - HOME_ASSISTANTE_GENERATE_SCRIPT=true (create hass's switch to control homeon's scripts activate)
    - HOME_ASSISTANT_DISCOVERY=true (Hỗ trợ MQTT Discovery, nếu true, tắt HOME_ASSISTANT_AUTO_GENERATE_CONFIG=false)
    - HOME_ASSISTANT_DISCOVERY_PREFIX=homeassistant (MQTT Discovery topic prefix)
  ```
  ```
  volumes:
      #Change path to the configuration directory of the Hass:
      - path_to_hass_configuration:/config 
  ```
  ```
  sudo docker-compose up -d
  ```
# Install Duckdns for Dynamic Domain name
  - Install via docker-compose, set the duckdns info in the docker-compose.yaml file:
  ```
  environment:
      - SUBDOMAINS=xxxx
      - TOKEN=xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx
  ```
  ```
  sudo docker-compose up -d
  ```
  
# Install NGINX PROXY for LetsEncrypt
  - Install via docker-compose:
  ```
  sudo docker-compose up -d
  ```
  Wait for Lesencrypt finish (after a few minutes), stop nginx-gen, 
  ```
  docker stop nginx-gen
  ```
  Change the server address of Hass in config/default.conf to:
  ```
  server 192.168.11.3:8123;
  ```
  where "192.168.11.3" is the IP address of the Pi in local network.
  

<!-- # Install NGINX PROXY for HASS
### Install this as a proxy between NGINX PROXY for LetsEnrypt and HASS, because HASS run on Host Network, so the NGINX PROXY for LetsEncrypt can not create proxy directly to HASS
  - Install via docker-compose, set the domain properly in docker-compose file, ex: ha.xxxx.duckdns.org:
  ```
  environment:
      #change xxxx to the Duckdns domain name
      #change your email to receive LetsEncrypt Notifications
      - VIRTUAL_HOST=ha.xxxx.duckdns.org
      - VIRTUAL_PORT=80
      - LETSENCRYPT_HOST=ha.xxxx.duckdns.org
      - LETSENCRYPT_EMAIL=youremail@gmail.com
  ```
  ```
  sudo docker-compose up -d
  ```
  - Edit the Default.conf file (config/default.conf), change the domain name and the local address of the PI.
  ```
  access_log off;
  #change the 192.168.11.1 to the IP of the Router
  resolver 192.168.11.1 0.0.0.0;
  # HTTP 1.1 support
  ```
  ```
  # ha.xxxx.duckdns.org, change the xxxx to the Duckdns Domain name
  upstream ha.xxxx.duckdns.org {
          ## Can be connected with "bridge" network
        # hass-nginx, change 192.168.11.3 to the LOCAL IP ADDRESS of the HOST
        server 192.168.11.3:8123;
  }
  server {
    server_name ha.xxxx.duckdns.org;
    listen 80 ;
    access_log /var/log/nginx/access.log vhost;
    #include /etc/nginx/vhost.d/default;
          location / {
                  proxy_pass http://ha.xxxx.duckdns.org;
          }
  }
  ```
  ```
  docker restart nginx-for-hass
  ``` -->
